# Knight Life 
The software product will be an app called Knight Life, and its goal will be to help students get involved with UCF clubs, organizations, and events. The app will improve upon the basis of the current Knight Connect system that is in place. Knight Connect has a list of clubs and organizations at UCF, and it has a page of current and upcoming events. Users can search for clubs alphabetically by name or by category, and there is also a menu of related UCF links, such as the Student Union, volunteer opportunities, and Greek life. Students can log into the site through their UCF student accounts to register with organizations to receive more information. On their individual pages, organizations can provide news, upcoming events, and contact information for potential members.  Knight Connect does not have a user-friendly interface since it is cluttered with many unnecessary features that are never used, resulting in an overwhelming and cumbersome experience. Due to the user-hostile environment, students veer away from using Knight Connect all together. We would like to provide students with a more accessible and simplistic environment, focusing more on the user’s experience rather than providing a hodgepodge of information. Knight Life will be a mobile application designed to provide direct, useful, and concise information to students looking to get involved. The user will be able to browse through over 650 clubs available at UCF with the ability to follow or subscribe to the organizations they wish to receive updates from. The app will be organized in a way so that an organization's contact information, website, and social media accounts are easily accessible. With this straight forward access to information, students will spend less time looking to get involved and more time being involved.  For more information about the product, please see the Concept of Operations and Project Management Plan.

